Project 1
In this first project you will create a framework to scope out data science projects. This framework will provide you with a guide to develop a well-articulated problem statement and analysis plan that will be robust and reproducible.Read and evaluate the following problem statement:Determine  which  free-tier  customers  will  covert  to  paying  customers,  using  demographic  data collected at signup (age, gender, location, and profession) and customer useage data (days since last log in, and activity score 1 = active user, 0= inactive user) based on Hooli data from Jan-Apr 2015

Q1. What is the outcome?
A1. Free tier customers converting to paying customers

Q2. What are the predictors/covariates?
A2. Demographiv data and customer usage data

Q3. What timeframe is this data relevant for?
A3.Jan-Apr 2015

Q4. What is the hypothesis?
A4. Are there demographuc or usage factors that influence customer decisions to convert from free tier to paying customers?

Dataset
Q1. Data
A1. 
Variable: Admit Description: 0 = not admitted 1 = admitted Type of variable: categorical 
Variable: GRE Description: GRE score Type of variable: continuous
Variable: GPA Description: GPA score Type of variable: continuous
Variable: Rank Description: 1 = high, 4 = low Type of variable: discrete


Q2. What is the outcome?
A2. Whether or not a student gets admitted 

Q3.What are the predictors/covariates?
A3. GRE, GPA, school rank

Q4. What timeframe is this data relevant for?
A4. Not timeseries data

Q5. What is the hypothesis?
A5. That students with higher GRE, GPA and school rank are more likely to gain admission to graduate school

Exploratory analysis plan
Q1. What are the goals of the exploratory analysis?
A1. To gain insight into a dataset and the underlying structure

Q2a. What are the assumptions of the distribution of data?
A2a. I would assume that the variables would be normally distributed, the key assumptions are the centre and spread of the distribution.

Q2b. How will you determine the distribution of your data?
A2b. Using descriptive statistics to show the centre and spread about the centre. 

Q3a. How might outliers impact your analysis?
A3a. They will affect the mean of the distribution and skew the distribution

Q3b. How will you test for outliers?
A3b. Test for skewed distribution

Q4a. What is colinearity?
A4a. When there are multiple intercorrelatons or interassociations among independent variables

Q4b. How will you test for colinearity?
A4b. By calculating the correlation and covariance matrices for the independent variables


Q5. What is your exploratory analysis plan?
A5. Use descriptive statistics to assess:
	- distribution of the data including 
		- centre 
		- spread
		- skewness
	- correlation and covariance between the independent variables


